# horizontal-bar-chart
This is code that generates a bar chart from a data array.

## How to get the data ready
The data can come from a spreadsheet of any kind, whether it’s Excel or Google (or any other kind, though those are the only I know of). You can have multiple columns of numbers, but the code will only chart one bar per year. The numbers you want to chart need to be in a column called “Value.” The name of the value — be it a city name or a candidate name or whatever — needs to go in a column called “Name.” I traditionally put “Name” on the left side of the sheet, but that’s only for an organizational reason and not because of any code reason. Note: As of now, it only charts POSITIVE numbers. Notice there are no dollar signs or percentages. Just raw numbers. There should be no commas in the numbers. 

Data is converted to JSON using Mr. Data Converter: https://shancarter.github.io/mr-data-converter/

## Tweaking and updating the files

The data array generated by Mr. Data Converter should then replace the data variable in the main.js file.

If you have a prefix (like a $) or a suffix (like million), designate those in main.js using two lines for the prefix and the suffix. Fill these out if you want the number to have anything before or after it. If you don’t, just delete the dollar sign and the m, but keep the quote marks in which those sit.

Update the hed, subtitle, source and credit info in index.html. The head is in the div with the class “graphichead,” the subtitle is in the div with the class “subtitle,” the source is in the p tag with the class “source,” and the credit is in the p tag with the class “credit.” You don’t need to have a head or subtitle, so you can delete those or just leave them blank.
